Harmontown starting all the time.
Harmontown is a podcast you can listen to no matter who you are.
Harmontown the podcast starting now is the time.
Harmontown is starting now it's starting now.
Harmontown.
Damn.
Nailed it.
Hello everybody, welcome to Harmontown from the cozy confines of the
Star Burns Box booth.
I'm sitting here with Steve Levy, Spencer Crittenden your Game Master.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
Let's give it up for the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Alright, thanks for joining us.
Alright, top item I think for those of our, you know, for anybody who's been like an avid listener
as of the last month or so.
A couple of weeks ago, I don't remember how long ago, we were talking about an
encounter you had with Ron Jeremy.
Yes.
And we, I forgot to address this last week.
Last week we had a gale time and they were like, there's whatever.
I'm not going to waste time talking about the stuff I didn't get a chance to bring up.
But so to recap the story is that Jeff was at a party and Ron Jeremy walked by him and had a
banana peel on his shoulder.
Yes.
And said, and Jeff said, you got a banana peel on your shoulder.
And Ron Jeremy was like, I know, and walked out.
So we spent like 20 minutes speculating.
Yes.
Like why would, what's the explanation for that?
Our first guess collectively, I think, like that we were all very satisfied with was,
oh, he walks around with a banana peel on his shoulder because there's some gross kind
of like banana in your window that he does for the ladies.
And Jeff's not like a pretty lady.
So like he, he wasn't worth it.
So I got the truth becomes fascinating.
So somebody on Reddit or somebody sent an AMA or somebody wants to hit like you sent me a
thing that somebody went to Ron Jeremy's Reddit page.
This is the beauty of the internet.
And let's put a pin in a very temporary pin because I do want to talk about this too.
It's like, how do we feel about what this guy did?
Because it's like, it's sort of like that's the internet for you.
Like somebody just blatantly, just bluntly messaged Ron Jeremy and said, Jeff Davis on
Harmontown said you had an encounter with him and that you seemed mad at him when you're
asking about it.
But you know, it's like, like no, no story is, is it just, it makes you cringe in the
retelling.
Like a Larry King reading Eminem lyrics.
You know, it's like, I didn't mean it that way.
But this kid says to Ron Jeremy, this happened.
What do you have to say?
Ron Jeremy responds.
It makes me more appealing.
Right.
So it was our theory was correct except for one fascinating detail, which is that it
wasn't pornographic.
It doesn't have to be though.
If you're Ron Jeremy, everything you do is pornographic.
Exactly.
So he had this cutesy like, like Richard scary Mr. Rogers kind of connect.
So we were essentially right.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Is his built in joke or admission in that like, I'm not an appealing person.
Like I am not an attractive gentleman.
I'm not.
And so I'm going to get out in front of that.
I never even thought about it that way.
I called myself ugly before you did.
I haven't.
I'm more appealing than you, than you, you know, now because I have trash on my shoulder.
So I will say, yeah, remember when we talked about that, how I took a big long chunk aside
because I was like, I love my porn.
I love my monsters.
I love my underground people.
I hate our societies like hypocritical treatment of, of what we're now calling sex workers.
But, but, but, and I was like, you know, it's like, I don't, I think we have a very unhealthy
relationship with that stuff.
And like, I, every time I hear that Ron Jeremy was at a party and like so much, you know,
someone will make some joke that's like, well, it kind of, you're talking about this person
like a second class citizen and stuff.
It was all wasted effort because, you know, he now, now I can judge him.
He put a banana peel on his shoulder and the answer was something cute.
He could have just used it on you.
He could have just said, it makes me more appealing to you.
And he, but he didn't.
And now I like, I'm a little mad at him.
Wait, church, you had a banana before.
Do we ever talk about this?
Yeah.
There was bananas involved, but we took them off the table.
I don't know.
It's like the person that does that, that goes on Reddit and says, hey, he didn't, he
or she did not say, hey, Jeff Davis from Harmontown just said Jeff Davis, like that
matters to Ron Jeremy.
Okay.
So Jeff Davis said that you, well, the banana peel and you, you're all pissed off about it.
I don't get the instinct of that person.
Is that, is that someone trying to prove that I made up a story?
That, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
I want to talk about that too because do we love that person or hate that person?
I don't know.
I mean, because there was another time and because now someone also, by the way, not to
interject is going to now.
Okay.
Now we're talking about it and it's interesting that we're talking about it.
Now, now, now two more people will, will message him and go, you have a beef on this
thing and something.
It's a, it's a stupid instinct by stupid people like that.
However, it got us an answer.
But, well, but then again, he doesn't know what the fuck they're talking about.
Who's Jeff Davis?
He probably was a banana peel around all the goddamn time.
He didn't know why he had a banana peel on his shoulder.
He was also engaged in fucking cryptography.
Yeah.
Remember a long, long time ago.
It took a troll to get to the, to hack and leak the rope, Jeremy leaks.
In the early, I think the first time I ever even heard of Reddit, I told a story about
the neurologist that I worked with who did this crazy thing and somebody went online,
asked her, did this happen?
Jeff Davis said that you did this thing and she wrote back, I don't know what you're talking
about.
Now either she doesn't remember what, what, what, that she doesn't remember that moment
in the way that I and other people in that room remembered that moment.
Wait, can you rewind that a little bit because I don't.
I did a pilot with a woman who is a neurologist from Boston General.
Oh.
And we were doing a pilot and it's based on her and there was an actor who was trying to.
Okay, you had a story and somebody during her AMA, okay.
Went, no, no, no emailed her, tracked her down.
This is pre AMAs.
Like at least as far as this doctor is concerned, someone just tracked her down and said, hey,
this guy, Jeff Davis, the show with you said this thing happened.
Bullshit, right?
And she's like, I don't know what you're talking about.
I think he's probably like combining this story and that story.
The thing is, I remember what happened.
And also there's, there's five or six people I could track down to absolutely back that
up, but she's not going to go online and say, oh yeah, I'm a crazy person.
Like the story is about her being a crazy genius.
Even she didn't remember it because she didn't because she's got bigger fish to fry because
she's a neurologist and heals people for a living.
Or she doesn't want to go out on record saying, oh yeah, I see dead people.
Like I have crazy superpowers.
Right.
Because she already got like decommissioned ones and had to get locked up for it.
So the fact that somebody goes out there and tries to debunk this story.
Well, okay, but that's, so like this person that approached Ron Jeremy digitally, you
know, I, it's a, it boils down to like, oh, we wish that they had taken the time to like
be more nuanced in their language.
But really what they were doing was not debunking.
I don't think that they were.
I think for that.
You're using an example.
I get it because like you're saying somebody like fucking actually, you told an interesting
story and somebody was like, yeah, but did that ever happen and like ask somebody else?
For instance, like one of the first times I went on Reddit was I told the story about
my understudy and the king and I getting slapped the shit out of by Gil Brenner.
Now that's a fucking actual story.
But I went on Reddit like I'm like an idiot, which you really must not do because it's
a dent of sadness.
And I, I went on there and feel like that didn't fucking happen.
I'm like, dude, I can't even tell my good stories on the air because it's too fucking,
they're too scandalous.
Like I was there.
It's a real story, but people think I'm full of shit.
Now, have I exaggerated in the past or maybe fucked up a detail or two?
Of course.
But the thing is, I don't, when I saw the Ron Jeremy thing, I was like, is it, is that
somebody trying to zing me?
Yeah, I would categorize that person as what they actually, I think they were kind of,
I think they believed the story.
And they're fans of us and Ron Jeremy.
They're fans of us and maybe not so much Ron Jeremy.
That's the minor problem I have with that person.
It's just, it was just like, well, and look, I'm, do as I, like, I'm, that person, like,
they're not a, to me, they're not a villain because it's like,
I didn't see villainy in that person doing, I think they were saying like, oh, like,
I'm on the internet.
I get to ask Ron Jeremy about Harmontown.
And we would prefer to have so much control over the universe that the way Ron Jeremy hears
about that interaction wouldn't come through like a channel that removes all the empathy.
Because if Ron Jeremy walked in here off the street, we would be nice to him and we would
ask him what the hell was going on with the banana peel and there would be humanity involved.
If he came in here right now, I would ask him about that.
And I tend to think that it's not a thing he does a lot.
I don't think that was a, that's a, that's a costume he wears all the time around town.
He puts a banana peel on the shoulder.
I think he was probably doing some sort of riff.
He had a banana peel, put it on his shoulder, did a funny joke to somebody left it there.
But I was a guy, not a girl.
I mean, I just think it was a momentary thing.
I really don't think Ron Jeremy walks around occasionally or frequently.
I'm squinting at you.
You are.
Subscribers can see if you choose to pay us $5 a month to watch the podcast.
You can see that I'm squinting at you.
Dan, nobody's subscribing anymore.
They'll stop listening when we stop having.
Well, I'm trying, I'm trying to change that by squinting at you.
Okay, well.
So I'm trying to add an element to the podcast that requires $5.
Should I just book Ron Jeremy and get to the bottom of this?
Sure.
I know.
For $5 a month, you could see Dan casting me a jaundiced eye.
Only because in your defense, kind of, I guess.
I think I'm just giving him the big benefit of the doubt.
His response to that kid saying, what's that story about being like one line?
It makes me more appealing.
It felt a little confident.
But here's the thing.
Ron Jeremy and I do not share.
We're not cousins on the spectrum.
So I guess I can't compare his behavior to mine in that situation because I would have
been like, my response would have been eight paragraphs long had that been like a, I would
have gone, okay, here's the thing.
There was a banana peel on the table and I started to put it and I started doing this
joke and then I was like, I was walking around with it and I wanted to go and I didn't want
to take it off and then put it back on.
I would have all this fucking like, or I would go like, you know what?
I was horny that night and I was like doing this thing and it was getting some action.
And then I was like tired and I don't remember your friend, whoever you're talking about,
blah, blah, blah.
It would have been a hyperverbal response, which by the way, how does that get me more
results than Ron Jeremy is getting?
I guess the only thing I have nothing to do.
Because all I did was harmlessly ask a Ron Jeremy that was four feet away from me who
just passed me wearing a banana, a spent banana peel over his shoulder.
I said, pardon me, sir, you have a banana peel on your shoulder.
And the only reaction that is confusing is him to go, yeah, thanks.
It's funny because it's not funny in the moment.
That's why it's funny because it's like, you could have just said it makes me more appealing
and I think maybe I think that's him.
Because if I were a cute girl, he might have gone, well, does it make me more appealing
and then what?
Well, also, if you're a guy, as you are, and you go, excuse me, you got a banana peel
on your shoulder and if he stopped and said, it makes me more appealing, you might have
gone gross.
Is that how you get laid?
Fuck.
My dick's bigger than yours.
What are you trying to pull?
It would have been vulnerable.
I would never have gone that far.
I know you wouldn't have.
The phantom of his father might have gone that far.
Let's role play.
Who do I get to be?
No wrong answers.
You're on Jeremy, but give me the reply that he did, like respond.
No, no, give me, it makes me more appealing, like do the fun version of that.
Sir, you have a banana peel on your shoulder.
It makes me more appealing.
Oh, you little devil.
That would have been my response.
Yeah, thank you because a guy outside the bathroom, I said that and he made fun of me.
He said, you think that's funny?
You're a piece of shit and then he said some horrible shit about a movie I was in in 1972
and then he made fun of my body, which is always on display in my work.
I got this half bottle of champagne.
You want some?
Are you sticking around?
I'd love some.
What's your name?
I'm Ron Jeremy.
I'm Jeff.
It's nice to meet you.
Thank you.
You know what?
I get scared of being vulnerable with people because I'm a public figure and it's really
easy to make fun of me.
You know, but here's the beauty of you wearing a banana peel on your shoulder.
For me, if you just walked by, I wouldn't have said anything.
I would have said to my girlfriend, oh shit, Ron Jeremy just walked by.
But because you had a gimmick or whether you're doing a bit or like a thing or whatever,
like I got to say something to Ron Jeremy because there was a specific thing happening.
And you're saying it kind of in a literal sense made me more appealing.
Well, it made you more accessible.
Right.
It didn't make me more appealing.
That's my concern was that I did it for...
Can I ask you a question?
Who's your champagne?
Oh, thank you.
Cheers.
Yeah.
Clink.
I say clink because we're drinking out of paper cups, but that's me being less appealing.
I don't know.
Can I ask you three questions about the banana peel?
I trust you.
Yeah.
Okay.
What's the origin story of that banana peel being on your right shoulder?
My uncle Kurt used to do it.
I love uncle Kurt.
And he was actually in our family, like the running joke was that he had a really, really
small penis.
I grew up in a very liberal family.
I was a child of the 40s.
You know, back then there was a counterculture that wasn't as publicized as in the 60s, but
I grew up on a ranch surrounded by hippies and things.
I'll stop you.
I've read your biography.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Oh, you've...
I've never heard the Kurt story.
I know your whole childhood.
Well, he's one of the few family members that actually...
Yeah, he passed away before he could approve of the biography, but everyone else I checked
it out with.
That's very thoughtful of you.
A lot of people don't even consider it.
Uncle Kurt was, yeah, the smallest penis, but the thing that always moved me about him
was that he...
Everyone liked him more.
And I always...
Because he had a banana peel on his shoulder?
No, because he did clever things like that.
That was something that stuck out in my head when I was eight years old.
The thing that stuck out in general about uncle Kurt was that he had this very tiny little
itty-bitty little wiener.
And I don't know if it was because of that, that he was such a socially graceful person,
or I don't know how much of it had to do with the fact that, frankly, from the age of three
forward, my earliest memories as Ron Jeremy are people telling me I had a huge, weirdly
huge dick.
Like, even before I knew what sex was, people were commenting about my big, giant dick.
Now, is uncle Kurt wearing the banana peel because of his small dick?
Is there a correlation there?
No, I mean, for me, what I'm saying to you is, it was a thing that he would do, and when
I went to that party that night, there was bananas everywhere.
There were, because I saw people, yeah, peaches had a banana, which is already funny.
It was one of a million things that he would do, and I just kind of started doing it, and
I actually immediately started getting results, and it was really satisfying to me.
And the moment when you interacted with me, I was actually starting to come down from
it because I had said just before I ran into you to a younger woman, you know, it makes
me more appealing.
She's like, that's funny.
Like people say you're a porn star.
She was so young, she didn't know, and I was like, yeah, I'm a porn star, but I'm also
a human being.
And she was like, yeah, but why?
It went south really fast in a way that made me think that if I had been born with a smaller
dick, at that moment, I might have met the woman of my dreams because I was overhearing
her at the table by the champagne, and I was like, I love this girl, and I felt like I
was locked in a box from birth by my giant cock, and the banana peel couldn't break me
out of it.
And then I walked past you, and you said, and honestly, I don't remember the encounter,
but I'm telling you why that probably happened.
I was on my way to my car, I didn't want to pull the banana peel off, because it would
look like a defeat, but I was just on my way to my car, and I just wanted to go home and
like just where I where I gained strength in isolation.
But when I asked you, you said, oh, it's making me more appealing.
This is not the version where you where you snapped it.
Like, do you do you sometimes snap it?
Oh, oh, shit.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I forgot.
No, I have.
Sorry.
Wait, so now you're saying that sometimes I snap it people.
This is something that you do frequently.
Okay.
Now, if you're doing it frequently, what's what's the what's the blue sky version of
like only women asking you about it?
Like what?
I was caught up in a moment.
That's what I'm saying.
It's not a thing that I do.
It's not my gimmick.
It was something that I started doing that I am familiar with that I got into Spencer.
What's your take on the banana gate?
What?
Yeah.
I had a I could have.
I could have.
I could have put that in an envelope and what's your what's my take on?
I don't think that sentence finished.
Well, what do you think the backstory of the Ron Jeremy banana peel shoulder thing is?
Is that a one off?
Is that a thing he does?
And why was he so I mean, he wasn't pissed off at me.
He just I think you guys got the to the answers already.
I think he's done it a few times.
I think he doesn't get anything about it by playing along with a male.
I hope it's not the fact that he's trying to get out in front of you calling him an
ugly because the banana peel I think that's no, I don't I don't think I think that's
you reading too far into it.
I think that anyone can be more appealing.
They don't have to necessarily think they're disgusting to have to say, oh, I could be
more appealing.
But did he like he could have had a bad night?
I was like, I see stuff retweeted that I've said to some kid that I had an encounter with
and I'm like, well, that's not me.
I hope that doesn't represent me.
He is having a bad night, but I mean, we can't assume that he has a trunk of banana peels
in his car.
Yeah.
No, it's like a bar trick.
Wasn't there a crazy Cody story you wanted to tell?
What are you, my publicist?
Yeah.
Well, you kind of are.
Well, okay.
This is yes.
You told me to remind you last week because you didn't get to it.
I told you to remind me.
Yeah, you're like, I want to talk about that on the podcast.
That doesn't sound like me.
Yeah, you'd remember something like that.
I do have, yes, it's written down here.
I didn't need that.
That's what's important.
Okay.
Thank you.
Here's the thing.
I recently got a text message from a writer on Great Minds who I texted and said, am I,
do you want me to give you anonymity?
He doesn't care.
Because it's about, this is about marijuana, doesn't matter to him.
But Andrew Weinberg is writer on Great Minds, remember Andrew?
Yeah.
He was a guest on the show.
He texted me and said, I just came back from the weed store and this is the bag they gave
me my weed in.
And he texted me a photo of the bag that they gave to put his weed in when he left the weed
store.
And on the bag was written, wait, why, am I distracted by, okay.
What's in the bag?
What's in the bag is a bunch of weed.
Who cares?
What's on the bag?
What's on the bag is he takes me a photo of it.
My girlfriend, it says Cody Heller and her phone number with area code.
Her address, her email address, everything.
Every conceivable thing you could learn about a human being without dumpster diving was about
my girlfriend was written on this paper bag that had been given his product in.
And he was sending me a photo because he just happened to know, even though I wasn't going
out with, or I guess I was going out with Cody during Great Minds.
But he, he's like, this is what they gave me and I'm like, oh, okay, so then one of
the phrases written on the bag was lamb's bread, which is a flavor of vape that Cody
is obsessed with.
She loves lamb's bread.
Why is, what?
Obviously what happened.
Not obviously, but a quick, you know, think tank session, put this together.
This is a dispensary that Cody had been on the phone with.
She, this lamb's bread flavor has been discontinued.
I mean, she's, I really haven't seen anyone as obsessed about this stuff since like Justin
talked about like, I don't know, police academy action figures or something.
Like, like, like she just had this obsession.
Like she just, she found this vape flavor that she loves lamb's bread.
It was just, she was calling around to a lot of dispensaries.
And then it was also, oh, also written on the bag was like, you can tell the story,
even if you didn't have inside information, you could slowly figure it out because one
of the things was something like willing to pay, willing to buy a thousand dollars worth
or something.
It was like some form of that.
So Cody obviously called this place and was like, what's up with lamb's bread?
I got to get more lamb's bread.
My name is Cody Heller here's, and they, and they're like, oh shit, let me use the,
the pot head equivalent of a database, which is writing on a bag next to the cash register
all of your information because wow, that's a lot of, that's a lot of pot vape we could
sell.
It happened that someone that you know went in and got that bag.
It just so happens.
That's fucking nuts.
Well, that's the, if Republicans are listening, it's like, okay, now you can use this as an
example of like, let's not legalize marijuana.
However, I'm way ahead of you because it's like, no, let's legalize it so much that
we can have pay really high wages to people that have like super sophisticated computer
systems when they're selling you your pot.
But the punchline comes because I'm like, holy shit, my girlfriend was like inadvertently
doxxed by this, you know, trusted weed vendor and, um, fuck, I gotta the, and I was, I was
explained, I'm like, Jesus Christ, I'm trying to get to the bottom and I'm like, oh fuck,
man, that's, that's crazy.
Like if it hadn't been you, then there's just a stranger out there with all your personal
information written on their weed bag and that's just, that's just bad form.
Yeah.
But, and then I'm like, oh, she's gonna be bummed out about this, but I have to tell
her.
Um, and, uh, and I, and I texted the photo and the story to Cody and her response, her
immediate first response was, oh no, if they don't have my info, I'm not gonna get my
lamb's bread.
Ha, ha, ha.
Manant, manant, manant.
What do you think?
Why is it called lamb's bread?
Yeah.
What do you think lamb's bread is?
It's just a flavor of, no, I know, but like if, if I exist, well, once upon a time there
was a strain called God's breath.
I believe it might have been a relative to God's gift, but God's breath happened and
it got changed to God's bread over time.
It kind of got bread into God's bread and then God's bread colloquially got renamed
lamb's bread in some circles or was bread into lamb's bread.
So it's, it's God's breath kind of bastardized three generations or so.
I can't believe you actually know the answer to that.
The only reason I know you're not making it up is because you'd never put the energy
into it.
Like you'd, you wouldn't, you wouldn't see the, you wouldn't see the point in lying,
but you could be lying.
You could be making all of that up.
Right.
Well, it's true.
Spencer, like I've never seen you this nervous before because we'd learned earlier that Spencer's
new least Honda CRV.
He's already gone over his monthly allotment of miles for his lease.
Yeah.
I got a new car and I had it for like a week and I got like a cheese stain in the car.
Don't worry about the cheese stain.
We're about to,
Well, it's just,
That doesn't matter.
Don't want to just
Fuck you guys.
You don't know what doesn't matter.
You're fine.
Every day it's like Macbeth.
I'm going to fucking kill myself because I look in and see this faint grease stain in
the car that I know came from cheese.
What, what sort of cheese?
What was the
Shatter cheese.
From what kind of like meal were you having?
A bag of cheddar cheese, I wasn't eating a bag of cheddar cheese, but it was from a bag
of cheddar cheese.
Was it melted cheese?
No.
It was just cheese.
But the oil got out.
Yeah.
It's a greasy item.
Greasy cheese.
Right.
Why did you have unwrapped cheese on your car seat?
Well, I don't know how it got on the car seat.
They're multiple competing theories, including my favorite is Jeff put it on the car seat.
There's no reason to believe that that's true.
But have you calculated the worst case scenario?
Because what you're going through is like, you're, you're not to condescend to you because
I'm lower than you on the consumer scale because you drive me everywhere.
But you're younger than me and I have bought cars, but not least them.
I've bought you, whatever.
I've, I've been through a lot of apartments and had my security deposit at stake because
I hung up, hung up picture and oh no, there's a hole in the wall.
That shame that fills you.
Have you, have you, have you gone to the point in confronting that shame where you've
calculated like the worst case scenario about leasing a Honda CRV and having a cheese stain
backseat?
Like what's the worst that could happen to you?
Uh, I'd be on the hook for multiple thousands of dollars and I'd have a cheese stain in
my car.
Well, what do you, but go through, I mean, what happens because if, if, if this is a
company that, that leases you a car and tells you, by the way, we expect you to never cheese
stain the seat.
It's not because of the lease.
It's because it's a new car.
Oh, are you just bummed out because you feel like you just got a new car and it's already
starting to look like your old car that you love?
Yeah, there's a giant fucking cheese stain.
Oh, well, then let's, let me shower you with fucking like, are you kidding me?
That's fucking like, that's fantastic.
That's, that's Spencer juice.
That's, that's, that's.
No, that's why.
It's terrible.
Uh, because you're, yeah.
No, because it's cheese.
I know, because.
But it's like, it might as well have been a D&D stain.
Have you tried to get some, like, some shout or something like that and get it all out?
I'm probably about $200 deep in trying to solve this problem.
Oh no.
What kind of cheese?
Cheezus.
Is it, is it $200 cheese stain?
This is a, I don't want to dismiss that road, but I was like, like, like also though, because
I resonate with this, like, you're thinking like you got this new car and it's like, it's
like a grown-up car, right?
Like you're like a child and you got like a grown-up car and you saw the cheese stain
and you're like, oh, I'm already doing it wrong.
Like I didn't, I didn't do what my mom would do or like what a grown-up does or like what
your favorite cop character on TV would do.
Like, like.
Right.
Adam Sandberg.
Ben Hitchcock.
He loves getting his name mixed up with Adam Sandler.
Adam Sandberg's cop-cop car wouldn't have cheese stains, first of all, I doubt that.
I'm sure if that's a lovable sick one, probably has some cheese stains.
This resonates with me.
Like if I put myself in your shoes or your car, my OCD, I would never not notice the
cheese stain.
No, I know.
I can literally feel it in the back of my head when I'm driving.
I can feel it behind me in the seat.
Like I just, it's not my seat, like it's in the back seat, but I just, its presence is
there and undeniable.
But you pick me up for work every day and drive me everywhere and you-
And I'm on the verge of killing us both because of this cheese stain.
And I would accept that if you were to, if we got to heaven and you would say, I'm sorry
man, I had a cheese stain and I had to, what was life worth and I was like, that's why
you swerved into oncoming traffic and I'd be like, you know what, better reason to die
than because we elected a dyslexic fucking stroked out, humonculus.
Humonculus?
I would say take the Honda back to the Honda dealership and say, look, I got this fucking
cheese stain back here.
It's driving me crazy.
Do you guys, they'll know how to get the cheese stain out.
I've thought about that.
I've taken it to get detailed, but-
Can I be the other devil on your shoulder because there's no angel in this equation?
Can I take another bag of cheese and fucking rub it all over that thing?
Or not, that was, that's Dino if you would hear him.
I'm saying like this, the solution isn't to avoid cheese stains because that creates
an economy, a psychological economy where you're like, then you're always one cheese
stain away from being deregulated.
The solution is to actually accept the cheese stain because then that helps you cope with
like reality.
The first time I leased a car, I obsessed about it so much and the first time I got
a little nick like somebody opened their door into my door and there's a little ding there,
it drove me fucking crazy because I-
I remember.
I wanted that thing to be perfect and now like having leased a bunch of cars, you don't
give a shit.
They don't give a shit.
When Jeff got his first Lexus, like, yeah, you weren't a dick or anything, but it was
like-
No, I was-
It fucking eclipsed his life.
It was like he had a-
Yeah, I only had shitty cars before that, I only had cars that were covered in cheese
stains like the whole-
And it wasn't because you became a materialist, it was because-
I felt like an adult for the first time.
It was because you felt like you were fucking up adulting.
Yeah.
I know exactly- that's first day of school for everybody.
You just get this big chance and you lay out your pants and your binders and all that
stuff and then the first time it's like, oh, my homework's got bubble gum on it and then
we just go like, God fucking damn it, I knew it, I knew I'm a piece of shit, I knew it!
Yeah, you hear your mother's voice in your head yelling at you for fucking up.
That's why I'm mad, it's not because of any of- else, it's not like the practical struggles
of a stain, like that's literally the only reason why I'm mad.
That's what I want to address to help you feel better because first step that makes
you 90% feel better is talking about it because as soon as it comes out of your mouth you
know it's like- and then the next 10% is us going like, yeah, man, me too, me too.
I was pretty impressed that you had a new car until I found out it's the fucking cheese
stain car.
I know.
Outside of the cheese stain though, how do you like that car?
It's fine.
He likes it so much, he's going over his miles!
Oh man, it's the mileage- the idea of a mileage cap bummed me out.
I haven't had a car since it gave my Prius to McGathey and the divorce and I don't need
to drive anywhere apparently.
I found that out.
Well, Spencer does and he's going to kill himself.
Do you get sick of me- are you looking forward to me not needing a ride everywhere?
I think that the scheduled demands that sometimes arise from the worst case scenarios of having
to drive you around can be a hassle, but the actual driving of you around is not a hassle.
That's all fine and good, but sometimes it's like, well, it means I got to get up and leave
the house at eight and then I might be on the hook until eight or something at night.
That's where the problems come in, but especially lately that's never been the case.
We've been really easy going lately.
I am looking forward to- well, because also in my own personal schedule I've made a decision
that I'm like, I'm going to pull back and take it easy with the workaholism a little
bit.
That probably affects it a little, where I'm like, I don't mind.
We also have been- by the way, for those of you who joined us in the beginning, and we
haven't explained it, Jeff and Church are doing a hands-made tail cosplay.
We explained that while the audio was out and then Jeff- Jeff had come in and sat down
and for the last 30 minutes, Jeff has been with a completely straight face just being
Jeff and he has this fucking ridiculous beard.
It's pretty funny, but that's- I mean, my beard is itchy because it's fake and I've
got spirit gum on, there's mesh, but how do you guys- you guys all have beards.
It's terrible.
You're wearing a big old thing on your face all the time, it's like I want to blow my
brains out.
My grandmother hit me too.
She yells at me.
Oh yeah?
Oh yeah.
Wait, wait, because- Because kissing you is less essential?
No.
Because men with beards are inherently less handsome.
It's like an old way of thinking.
She's like, you guys are gross.
Did you tell her that old women are less attractive?
No.
Well, then that's called privilege.
You could just kick back and enjoy it.
She's like, yeah, grandma, you got it, I'm a real ugly piece of shit.
Wank-wank to God.
Every other-
Your paper flesh isn't gross at all, no one has a right to shame you for that because
it's not a choice, you're just melting.
She's being old school because Jewish Paul Newman wouldn't have a beard.
I'm sorry, I-
Paul Newman was Jewish.
Yeah, but you're like the Jewish Paul Newman.
Paul Newman could never be as Jewish as you, no matter how hard he tried.
I don't think he went to temple as much as you did.
He goes, he probably went to temple more than me.
Did you love your grandma?
Yeah, she's great.
Do you think she's an attractive person?
Like, physically?
Yeah, she went there.
Oh, come on.
Okay.
Don't do that to me.
No.
Don't do that to her.
Don't do that to you.
How about we live in a society where reason is God and rule of law governs the land.
She wants me to get-
And we don't judge people by whether they're like, why are grandma's grandfathered in?
Well, that's because they're grandmas.
It's like, oh, you're so cute.
You know what?
I wonder how much of the fucking patriarch is upheld by grandmas who are like, oh, you're
so attractive.
All of it.
When are you going to get married?
When are you going to look better?
Why don't you show some leg?
Grandmas sound like Don Draper.
Oh, the specter of inequality is-
We went to church, took me to Adam Levine's annual Halloween party, and I carried around
dressed as Commander Fred from Handmaid's Tale with my Scrabble Box.
And I think only four people laughed at that.
Were there a lot of-
I think there was an early prediction that that was going to be, that Halloween was going
to be like an army of Handmaids.
I've seen three, and I've been to numerous parties.
Yeah, Ricky Lindholm was there.
Ricky from Garfunkel, from Garfunkel and Oates.
She was there as a Handmaid, and there was a couple others.
There was a couple who were the Commander and the Commander's wife who had a blow-up
doll dressed as a Handmaid.
In between them?
Oh, boy.
They kept fucking it.
It was really good.
I have so many questions about that show.
I was surprised.
I can tell you what.
How many people were at that party?
A few hundred?
No.
More like a thousand.
Okay.
And I didn't- I was surprised I didn't see any Rick and Morty costumes.
But that's kind of a Hollywood rock and roller.
We did see them at Luchovim.
Well, I mean-
Yeah.
I got texted a hundred pictures of people.
Okay, good.
Because I was like, I remember the year when there were none, and then the year when there
were a thousand, and I don't know, within that year.
I don't know.
Yeah, if it was like-
It's gotta be one of the most popular costumes this year.
But you know what there is?
Harmon Quest costumes.
Oh, yeah.
Well, at the Starburns party that we had, there were literally- because the entire art department
of Harmon Quest, like they coordinated, there was an army of Spencers, I'm sure you already
know that right now.
Yeah.
But do you feel better or worse about not coming to the party?
Worse.
I tried to go to the party.
I tried to go three times.
But Mario Odyssey came out.
That wasn't why I didn't-
You were too busy putting that cheese in your seat.
Yeah, I was fucking-
What was the reason when you share it?
I was like, yeah, that was scared or anxious, like I drove up to park, and yeah.
You went all the way there?
Yeah, no, three times I went all the way there.
Yeah.
This is, I mean, do you mind it?
Can we talk about it?
Yeah.
So tell it, talk about what goes through your mind that makes the difference between parking
the car and going into a party and continuing on, like what are the- I'm trying to figure
out a better way to rephrase this so that you can answer easy questions.
Yeah.
I don't know, it's hard because it's not like, I don't know, I've had anxiety where
it is like a conversation, you know, where it's like if you go in they're gonna be mean
or you know whatever, and it wasn't like that, lately it's just been more just like a pressure
upwelling.
It's like, I'm gonna do this and then you just get there and it's like, I don't know,
you know-
Are you more worried about, if you, let's, I'm trying to figure out how to phrase this
so that, because based on my experience, if you had a button in your hand that was, that
the amount of pressure on the button created more or less attention on you, more or less
people demanding answers from you about how you're doing and how you've been and all this
stuff, it would you, like, how hard, I guess you're not, you're not afraid of obscurity,
that's not the, you're afraid of attention, right?
I don't know, I mean, when you're saying the button, it's like, I think it's both, like
I'm thinking, I'm thinking, well, yeah, it's like I'm worried about, I don't know, like
when I was trying to park, I saw all these people outside and I was like, I'm gonna have
to get past these people to get to the party and like that in its own was like a thing,
but it's not like, I didn't not want to talk to those people and I wanted to go to the
party because I did want to talk to people, so it's not like I didn't want to be noticed
and I wanted to be noted, or it's like it's both, but it's not either or neither, but
yeah, it's kind of lack of control over a social situation where it's like, if you're
obscure, like I remember being 25 and like the channel 101 days, it's like we all went
to each other's parties because it was sort of an orgy of the more attention, the better
and actually we're all on the same level and we can all just like pay attention to each
other and nobody's really like suffering and then, but like it, for me, it's a control
issue where I'm like, you know, actually I have nothing to gain anymore and no camaraderie
to achieve, I only have maybe people that I'd like to talk to and then a whole shit ton
of people that I can either disappoint or ignore, right, I like that sounds like I'm
casting it in terms of like you think you're a rock star, I'm talking about because I don't
feel like the camaraderie you say, like I don't feel like I'm gonna go to this party
and I will feel closer to these people as a result, like that might be true, but that's
not what I feel going into it.
It's just like this could be fun and then that quickly gets like consumed by everything
else.
When the sense of responsibility comes in, when you're like obligation, when you look
at like a little bit of a minefield of like eight groups of people and you're like, you
know what, I'm never gonna like, and then you find yourself in a conversation with
somebody and you're like, shit, I don't know when to leave or if I should want to leave.
I could push a button in my head that made me want to talk to you about avionics for
the next hour and a half, I really could, but at a certain point, my wife might come
up and be like really upset that I've been talking about avionics for 90 minutes or
I might find out that everybody left the party or I might, you know, I don't know,
there's a bunch of people I didn't see, you know, friends of mine and stuff, I'm like,
I don't know when, every conversation is a weird fencing match except instead of people
trying to stab each other, it's like people trying to hug each other and so you can spend
an indeterminate amount of time and every single conversation can only really end gracefully
or ungracefully by somebody saying, well, I've decided I'm done talking to you so I'm
gonna go talk to someone else, which doesn't feel very genuine because it's not practical
because it would be better to say, well, I've enjoyed talking to you but I have to save
a kitten from a tree, but to say I've enjoyed talking to you but I'm bored now or I want
to see if there's someone better to talk to.
I sort of did that last night.
I mean, that's what we're doing all the time at each other parties and I don't and there's
people who know how to handle that gracefully and there and I feel more kinship with Spencer
and I'm like, I use the good old fashioned, hey, I bear back, I have to go pee.
Yeah, because you're the guy that is able to leave, you're not the guy that's struggling
to not lose at a party, you're always winning.
Well, I mean, I have my own version of anxiety there but just because Jeff said, he says,
I gotta go pee.
So why can't you and I say I gotta go pee?
Do you lie?
You don't have to pee that much.
But people leave us in conversations, right?
I'm comfortable saying, hey, I'll be right back or hey, I'm gonna go over and say hi
to my friend over there.
I just saw it.
I'll write, you're comfortable.
But that's more key, but that's why I wanted to address that because it's not true what
you initially said.
No, no.
Don't just tell everybody you're gonna go pee.
I will say this.
You are more comfortable saying the truth, which is, see you later.
If I'm being cornered by a jerk, you're at the drawing room and some guy just won't get
off your ass, I am very comfortable lying and say, oh, God, I gotta go take a shit.
I'll be back in four years.
I'll say whatever it takes to get away from somebody who's punishing me.
If they're engaged in a social crime on their own, if they're so drunk or crazy or selfish.
Depending on how little I'm afraid of getting punched or a drink thrown at me, I'll just
say, hey, I'm gonna go hang out with other people and just bone the fuck out.
But the thing that you said, Spencer, about pulling up and seeing a crowd, I have my own
thing about, it's not like, oh my God, I gotta walk through a crowd and everyone's gonna stop
me.
It's not like that.
It's not like I'm so rad that that's gonna be a bummer.
But there's times when you just don't want to walk through a crowd and you might just
want to be able to get from point A to point B without being stopped and you can't be in
control of that.
When I do comedy shows, I disappear after the show.
When we do it on the Harmon Tour and stuff like that, when the show's over, I usually
find a place to be alone.
I need that few minutes just to go hide, see if church texted, just be complete, I don't
want to be around the sound of maybe being asked to talk or do a thing.
But I am a jerk, so I'm not uncomfortable wearing the black hat if I really have to get
out of a situation.
I don't think, it won't pay in this analysis for us to, you know, like there's no good
or bad.
It's just, but it's worth examining because I observe about myself, I'm like, well, if
you do a live show and then you're Santa Claus and there's a line of people, it's like there
are moments when I feel like this is how I'm comfortable.
And the reason is because it's orderly and it requires an introduction and at a party,
I think this is like people, it's like, like people go like, hey, how are you?
Like I don't know, it's just so freeform, it's like orgiastic and I like, I start to freak
the fuck out and I spend every conversation that I have at a party, like I hold my drink
like, and if it's in a plastic cup as last night, it's like, it's like the cup splits
open very early on because I'm squeezing it and I'm, it doesn't matter who I'm talking
to, it's just like, because I'm always thinking like, what are you supposed to do?
When is this supposed to end?
Is this going on too long?
What am I supposed to say?
Am I being a bad person or a good person?
Where's Cody?
Like, like, wait, what am I doing?
What am I doing?
Why am I doing this?
I think, maybe I've mentioned this before on the show, but like, I think a long time
ago and you were my friend when this happened, I just started wearing suits all the time
and I think that's a social cue body armor thing that people tend to leave me a little
bit more alone.
Well, I think it makes-
So I get to call the shots on that a little bit more.
Well, and also, I think that when you get up in the morning, because when you commit
to being a suit guy, even though it seems second nature to you, when you get up in the
morning, like, there's social laws against leaving your house without a minimum amount
of clothing on and Spencer and I are wearing the minimum amount of clothing.
Like we're wearing, which means that we actually get up out of bed and we go over to a pile
of clothes.
So am I thanks to Bomfell who never gave me my goddamn clothes?
Let's not get too distracted, but when I think that that's the-
I'm pitching, I guess, the advantage socially of having a style is because you actually
like on Halloween, like you wake up every morning and you put an amount of attention,
you put on a suit of armor and it doesn't have to be about, oh, armor protecting the
real you from the outside world, like that's disingenuous.
It's more about like, that's also actually the important thing is that you're saying,
you're acknowledging every morning that the reason you're leaving your house is to interact
with other people and not to put words in your mouth, but Spencer and I don't do that.
We get up out of bed and we go, the reason I'm leaving my house is because I have to.
I have an appointment and so I'm going to put this potato sack on with holes in it for
my arms because otherwise I'll get arrested.
And it casts a kind of pawl over the whole thing.
Meanwhile, you're going like, it's in the way that you use it.
And then every interaction you have, there's a little bit of license for you to-
To be alone.
To perform.
Or with a stern look or like-
Well, sure, there's that too.
I can be completely alone in public in a suit.
I can also, like I said before, my impression of myself is everybody can have everyone's
attention, please leave me alone.
And that's like, I get up, everybody look at me, now fucking shut up.
And I want to, like, I bring earplugs wherever I go because I like to read in public, which
is self-destructive and stupid because I'm always mad that people are talking.
It's like, why did you just get an armchair and read it home?
Yeah, I guess I've kind of said also though that when I go over to my pile of 800 Rick
and Morty t-shirts and my three pants that do or don't fit depending on how many Twinkies
I've had that year, like I always have the swirling thoughts in my head about whether
or not I care whether or not people like the way I look and all this stuff.
And you cut through that before you enter the world because you are formalizing you're
getting dressed.
You're going, I'm going out into the world and when I'm going out into the world, I'm
an ambassador of my self-ness to the otherness.
And so that means that if someone comes up to me and says, hey man, you want to buy a
potato for a three dollars, I don't know what that character is.
I don't know what race he is.
I'm sorry for all the emails I'm going to get.
That must be a good potato, a three dollar potato.
Also, we added an article to dollars.
But you can not only, because it's not, it is, it's part armor, part performance, all
the stuff that's like a, when we talk, when we do me undies ads and we talk about the
first decision you make when you get out of bed is are you going to put on cotton underwear
that are like, oh, I got to protect my nuts from my own pants.
Or are you going to sheath them in glorious micro mandal?
Which actually says to you, the important person to say it to, I love my nuts being
cradled in, I didn't mean for that synergy to happen.
Right.
There's these, we've talked about it before, I'm sure, that there's two great books by
Quentin Crisp, one's called Doing It With Style and one's called How to Have a Lifestyle.
And it's about what is style and personal style doesn't mean fashion, it doesn't mean
money, it doesn't mean sex, it doesn't mean power, it's self-knowledge.
How you're carrying yourself to other people, to have a camera on yourself.
Like I'm sure I'm repeating myself, but as Quentin Crisp said, someone asked him what
is style and he said, style is being yourself only on purpose.
And so that takes a level, like you can be homeless with style, you can be, it doesn't
have to be fancy pants, like it's simply who you are.
Like Spencer, you have style, you have so much style that nine people can show up at
a Halloween party dressed as you and everyone goes, oh fuck, we're all Spencers today.
It's just aesthetically terrible style.
No, but like you, like when you on Harmon Quest pop out of the wilderness wearing your
lumberjack shirt and your shorts, like you, you're impersonatable.
Because I think it's absolutely okay and for me, beneficial to have a uniform.
Like I have a lot of clothes in my place and I don't wear any of them.
I wear my suits, I wear my black shoes, I wear my dress shirts and then I've got a million
t-shirts that I wear at home.
And then if I, the only time I'm ever not in a suit, I'm wearing one other outfit.
And I just realized like one day is like, I'm sick of picking fucking clothes out in
the morning.
Like for me, I just want to make sure that the dry cleaner, like the stuff that I know
I'm going to want that week is ready to go.
And my closet is like Einstein's basically, it's just a bunch of blue and gray suits and
a lot of white shirts.
And I find that really relaxing.
That's something I don't want to spend time really thinking about as much as I like clothes.
I don't want to think about variety.
I just like a nice dark suit with a white shirt and black shoes.
Right.
But somebody who's like, it's the t-shirt culture, which we all live in, like t-shirts
once upon a time where like underwear and now they've become a thing you can put on.
I feel incredibly nude going to the market in a t-shirt like when it's 900,000 degrees
out like it's been for the last couple of weeks.
I feel like I'm basically walking to the supermarket like in a bathing suit.
I think the key is like, as I said, like my therapist has said, like that the new era
that we're entering, hopefully that it's different, that the large theme is unconscious
versus conscious.
And so it's like, it's possible to be unconscious and get up in the morning and go like, I'm
going to pull this idiocracy shirt from this dispenser and throw it on myself.
And that's fine.
It's like no one's, we're used to the bad guys being people that tell you what you should
wear.
But somewhere in there, it's like, all the, there's so many things that we don't think
about that then we're like worried about.
And like for me and Spencer, and I suppose probably 99% of our listenership, it's like
conversations with people, small talk, like grace, tact, square dancing of conversation
where you could just go, Hey, it's nice talking to you.
I'm like, wouldn't you love knowing that like, Hey, I'd love to, I'd love talking to you.
And now I'm going to love talking over there.
I'm going to walk away.
It's like everyone would respond to that and they'd be totally fine with that.
But I don't, I don't have those things.
I don't, I don't, I've, I've, I've been living in a society so luxurious that I've been able
to slither this far while the entire time maintaining that I don't know how to talk
to people, don't know how to dress, don't know how to think about race, gender, all
of these things being myself, but on purpose, I, I've been able to be myself on accident.
That's a pretty luxurious thing, but it also had, then it results in all these like, Oh
shit, I have mold between my big toe and my little toe.
Well, yeah, no shit, like you, you, you've not thought about a single thing that you've
ever done.
Mold between your big toe and little toe means all the way across.
It means, means no, none of your toes exist.
I was, I got derailed by my own fucking thing.
I mean, I, like, like church has style, like crazy, and it's like, I love it because like
we can go out clothes shopping and like, we went the other day to a, to a store that she
likes downtown and like, I like going through the racks and looking for stuff for her.
And sometimes I'm right and sometimes I'm wrong, but like, and she's like, Oh, I love
that you, she's like, I like when you go out and like, like, like help, like, like, like
look for stuff, but also like, like we, we can have a lot of fun in the clothes store
because it's not that like clothing is your identity, but the execution of our style has
something to do with fashion.
Yours doesn't like the execution of your style and Spencer's style is not fashion.
It's other things, you know, it's more about brains and, you know, and the writing and
the products and things like that.
Yeah, yeah, but yeah, and then we, and then that's why we, that's why we murder people.
You know who else has style, Callie Cazoo.
Do you guys know her?
I do.
She's doing a Kickstarter.
Check it out.
I like her music.
She wants to buy more Aqua, Aqua Seafoam boots.
If you go to her Kickstarter.
Yeah, you can go to support Callie Cazoo's third album, Extravaganza.
I already donated, you should because she'll give you free shit.
Like I made a small donation, she's gonna give me a bunch of little drawings and like
groovy stuff.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
It's like, like you don't get nothing for paying something, you get something for paying
something.
It's gonna be great.
Yeah.
A guy touched my girlfriend's face in a bar while I watched and did nothing.
Like in a romantic sense or like he accidentally brushed her?
Well, you tell me.
Yeah, in this new world of like, okay, let's be respectful and nice and all this shit.
It's like, I feel like I was really high at the Halloween party and I really got a good
handle on this.
I was talking to a bunch of other beta males about how like the accountability that we
have where it's like, we're emerging into this place now where it's like, let's take
down the alphas.
They're so disrespectful.
They're terrible.
They're all these terrible things.
And then it's like, wait a minute, though, to the extent that it's every man for himself,
if you're a beta and you start to panic where you're like, oh, I think we invented everything
that like holds us together.
I'm self identifying with like a sub race of like men that are like, I don't want to
beat another man's skull in if he looks at my girl from the wrong way.
I want to have the confidence to prance about the world knowing that I own it because I'm
talented because guess what?
Your muscles will get you this far, not this far, that that is a that's called modern society.
And I just got this taste of it as in this bar with Cody, we had biked from my house
to a bar, and we're minding our own business.
I'm 44 goddamn years old, like girlfriend is 30 fucking two years old.
We're adults.
We're just taking our bicycles, which by the way, every time we stopped at a stop light,
whatever, there was like a guy who came up to Cody and, you know, it was like, like,
hey, guys, some kind of biking club.
It's like, like, I'm seeing it through all kinds of new eyes.
I was like, yeah, just anything, anything that like licensed you to talk to a girl like
you never know.
Like I was just such a ridiculous, really, what are you guys are in a biking club?
Whatever.
I'm not.
I don't care.
Like I'm not I'm not like fucking stop talking to my girlfriend, but it's like I'm just looking
at it through new eyes seeing it where I'm like I'm like seeing it now.
It's it's it's it's it's luminol.
Right.
It's our like fecal fecal detector, like a black light and I'm seeing like common shit
everywhere.
Then you go go to this, then we go to this bar and like I like like let's take photos
of each other sitting at the bar holding cocktails with our biker helmet on like fun.
So she takes a picture of me and she's the lighting is such that she should take my stool.
It takes picture.
I stand back taking a couple pictures of Cody.
She's got her helmet on.
She's holding a cocktail adjusting.
I want it to be good.
I want it to be good for Instagram.
This guy like goes like excuse me like it's just like like commands that's like commands
my space and goes like excuse me.
I cannot cannot.
I'm sorry.
It's you.
Can I can I help you with this photo?
Oh boy.
And I so let's go back to this after the whole story after the whole interaction plays out
and and you tell me what I should do when and where but all right I got it all loaded
up here's here's here's here's what I don't do at that moment.
I don't go no fuck off.
That's what you should and the reason I don't do it at that moment is because I don't assume
that what's about to happen is going to happen right I think that I'm in Hollywood and he's
a DP like that like if that it would be my male ego that would make me go fuck you don't
shut up and that actually this is how you make new friends.
This is how you have a good time.
This is why you came to a bar.
This is why this is overall my experience like someone from your community says hey
you live in Los Angeles.
I know just trying to take a picture here.
I I work for fucking Bruckheimer.
I don't like I don't make it look like a goddamn Transformers movie.
If you move this candle he said can I help sorry can I help like you know like like like
came in with this thing and my reflexive response because I insist because I'm a good person
it was was was yeah yeah yeah yeah and he instead of taking my camera now he moves forward
because he's on the move and he's moving past me and he's moving over to Coney and
he and and so now it's too late it's like like his his suggestion of how to make the
picture better is he wants to take the biker helmet that's on her head and turn it backwards
which by the way doesn't make it look any different.
That's the kind of suggestion you'd hear from the kind of person who would suggest at a
bar to help you take a photo yeah that's strange well except that there might I would I would
argue with you either for the sake of my pride or for the sake of humanity's defense I would
say that honestly Spencer it like like it sometimes if not most of the time a stranger
who says can I suggest something can I offer something can I help you can I can improve
your life actually like it's it's kind of like if you don't if you resist the urge to
plant it of the apes them that it it actually turns out to be fine right I guess I'm reading
too much into the tone of voice you use well that's true you started the story telling
you I'm just the honestly the tone of voice if that's how that's not the kind of help
I want yeah let's stop there and reset because that's actually making it very clear that
it's important that I actually try to do a realistic impression of the guy okay and
I'm gonna try it like I it agonizes me to try it because I'm reliving trauma sorry you
got this but like I like I guess my best impression would be like hey can I make a suggestion
here or is that like hey even hand hey can I help you with this photo or no that sounds
rapey too I just like I didn't it sounded like sounded normal hey can I touch your girlfriend's
face the guy didn't and so and then so then yeah he turns the hat backwards and I'm like
are you fucking kidding me and I don't know I'm holding a camera while three feet from
me this guy like a first of all now the first fuck you is on a human level because it's
just oh can I just do a different thing than you were doing I fucking I and and and women
who are listening are gonna be like do you think this is like this is the whole problem
I'm like yes yes it is the whole problem because yes the same thing that made him want to do
it whatever level he thought he wanted to do it on I all I just want to are now I want
to beat his brains and I want to fucking pound him because I'm like you'd never ever ever
wanted to help do anything and this is before sexuality gets into it he could be gay for
all I know I still want to beat his brains in because he's a fucking weird like fucking
like he's just a person that wants to fuck with shit and you and and I didn't enter that
agreement with him I took him in his word that he wanted to do that and now he's just
doing bullshit to just change shit and piss on it this is before now the next thing that
happens is because he put it fucking he puts her hat on backwards now well guess what her
hair is different now now he has to stroke her face and move her hair out of the way
as I'm holding a camera three feet from my girlfriend in broad daylight in a bar while
a man that didn't beat me up that never said I'm a bigger man than you I choose to challenge
you well just is making me watch him touch stroke my girlfriend's face while he dictates
the terms of my photograph what am I supposed to do how is a modern man supposed to deal
with this shit like like because the beta male like who I am a member of the the way
we dealt with it before was well I own everything and and and ask your friends and like this
behavior like I go ahead and follow your urges but if it pisses me off you're not gonna get
hired a lot I you're not gonna get a loan at that bank I own like I make Rick and Morty
and all this stuff but it's like in these tiny micro moments and also assuming if we're
not gonna go with hierarchy as a measurement of how you should treat women if in other
words beta males are controlling like how alphas treat women because we own alphas do
we have to like have accountability and go okay now that the zoo is loose like oh so
I don't own alphas and I don't own women do I have to get in a fight with this guy do
I have to like learn how do I just go to bars less do I feel like so what happened nothing
just trauma I mean he fucking he was done as soon as he stroked my girlfriend's face
with his smelly fingers which I'm sure smelled better than mine I did like like he got what
he wanted you know he was gone he didn't it wasn't like a take a movie where he's gonna
keep doing it before you stop him he did what he wanted and he walked away he did that to
maybe eight people and maybe one of the women like like what I don't know what his game is
he did it and he walked away and that man's name is Mayor Richard Reardon I was gonna
say Steve's on but yeah that's fucked up you do you got the camera you just you just take
I should have taken a fucking thousand pictures of him yeah like this guy had a lot of opinions
about my girlfriend point the camera right where's dick is like you get done they go take
it out and I know and you have the confidence to do that and I froze I was like what what
what how long do I have to wait for this guy to go away what what how how do I get back
to my comfort zone which is not me hiding from him but is me owning everything that's
the important thing like how do I get back to my comfort zone where I'm king shit not
where I'm hiding in a bush the Cody was Cody uncomfortable and freaked out by this like how
did she hated it she hated it and you can see in the photo there's a photo of her with
a backwards bike helmet I went her face is crimson yuck and she's forcing a smile and
she looks great because women deal with that all the time and they just and and the photos
taken by a fucking cock who just watched what is that the photo where her hair looks perfect
and her hat is on backwards yeah that's amazing my favorite photo of looks ridiculous and
she looks fucking like purple and it's and and and every time I look at my own bike helmet
I my dick shrivels up into my abdomen and and and I like I don't I just like these are
new questions that are going to emerge if we're going to be good men if we're going to also
say because we can't just say hey don't jerk off into a pot of plant blocker door with
like that that you know what the society starts with guys that can't throw a spear as hard
saying yeah but I can type a funnier joke than you and it and and and then at that translates
into like hierarchy so it's like I think there might be a little bit of like I need to learn
how to punch a dude in the fucking face verbally or as gallant as you where it's like like
like like oh you would I know that you you you you spent 20 years before you finally
got head butted in there your nose broke but like that was 20 years of you having recourse
to masculinity I like I like like I I have to learn so like to recognize that and then
like react like my adrenaline just froze me I'm like this dude is just like oh oh oh oh
he's just touching my girlfriend's face and then the time for it faster than it takes
me to even think that he's done it took this long it took that long mm-hmm what am I supposed
to do cut that off halfway I just say hey get back here hey mister I what am I supposed
to do yeah timing is always going to be hard because it's never going to be the perfect
timing you're never going to make it in time you're never going to hit it right in the middle
it's always going to be too late I mean obviously hindsight's 2020 right so it's not like we
did anything wrong I spent the last 23 years calling everybody I thought it was a cunt
a cunt and this one cunt punched me in the fucking nose and broke my nose but what about
timing like what we have infinite timing now what I would have said I would have said hey
man you don't touch a woman without her consent oh damn I mean you gave him permission to help
with a picture right you certainly didn't give her permission anyone permission to touch
a woman right right he didn't give him so but in real so you would you would say that
if I were a super if I were a superhero that's what I would have done if I were in your if
you're a superhuman not a superhero if you're a superhuman if you had so I was a natural
it no if you could move faster than human reflex no would say it as his fingers touched
her face right or afterwards okay well so that really should we do that yeah he does
that and now he's gone and go hey man yeah hey yeah yeah that's not it's that's the thing
the timing's not gonna like it and then everyone ever goes like what's going on sounds like
someone wants everything that's going normally to stop hey mister hey you don't treat a lady
like that you hear and then Cody if she's worth her salt is gonna go it's okay it's fine
please don't protract this trauma please don't do right it's when someone abuses the system
and subverts the rule of law to make everyone uncomfortable there's not really a way to just
I'm sorry no to make one person uncomfortable versus the 40 people I make uncomfortable
by calling him out right but the world is uncomfortable by this stuff it's it's not it's
not supposed to be comfortable the balance was upset when he touched someone you know
that was that was what through and then everyone else has to make the decision to either be
cool or not be cool but that's because of him it's not like I mean obviously it is a
decision you're making but it's not the decision that you were forced to make it was a decision
that he forced on you by breaking the balance and you know disrespecting personal boundaries
yeah and to me the tragedy is so three weeks from now I'm gonna be taking a picture of
my girlfriend and like Michelle Gondry is gonna come up or the next to Michelle Gondry
is gonna go actually they're gonna notice that I'm like backlighting her when it could
be like hey can I help you with this photo and I'm gonna go fuck you fuck you you fucking
rapist like why don't you what or I know I'm exaggerating like I like like for real like
it was he comes out hey can I help and I go how how because that would be an appropriate
response given how that guy behave or how are you gonna help yeah like I have to scrutinize
every single interaction I have I can't just in spite of how much energy it takes for me
to treat people normally you know when I go out in public and it's like it's already hard
for me to like to have people walk away from interaction with me not going that guy's an
asshole like so I have like reflexes that I've like programmed on top everybody does
that's it that's how everyone yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah whatever
you want whatever you want yeah and then it's like okay so then you're going whatever you
want this is like fucking predators that are like like relying on that reaction that's what
they're relying on yes so then you go okay no more yeah yeah yeah whatever you want from
now on my reflex is gonna be what's going on what's going on what's going on what's
going on great the world's gonna be fucking beautiful in five minutes we're living through
that right now we are I mean you keep hearing these new directors these new personalities
being accused it's not oh shit it's not comfortable what are you doing well I wanted to commit to
it being on my shirt but I poured vodka on my shirt and I I didn't want it to get on
my phone that's a different matter entirely speaking of different matters entirely Spencer
what do you think about giving us a big long recap of D&D because it's been a long time
since I've been around and played you want to you and do you want to do a little what's
play that that's Dan singing so good I guess that I don't know that's ho hozer nice do
you really name your band hoser if you're like who's it who's the Canadian guys Mackenzie
Brothers take off yeah exactly yeah take off a hozer all right sorry anyways I don't
know I'd like but it's not comfortable it's it's what you know remember and it doesn't
happen to me that much but I bet it happens to a lot of fucking people yeah all the time
it does I created Rick and Morty and that shit happened to me at sunset and sunset like
in in full view of every hipster wearing gauzy t-shirt like this shit like like if you're
if you're listening and you constantly feel worried that like your masculinity is being
like impugned like our challenge like the important thing is like I think that's how
this all started so now like now let's let's reboot and like figure out a way through these
moments together where we don't take the course we took six thousand years ago where we went
you know what enough is enough from now on if you love a man and you're gonna have babies
with him you need to sign this contract and any guy that fucks you as a criminal and he
gets hung from the highest tree like because I'm talented and I bring more meat into this
cave like like we we as a tribe meaning we as the the male that doesn't want to I don't
know like like like we started this we I'm like I want to know what I do as an individual
I want to be Humphrey Bogart the next time some dude from some chode fucking like disrespects
my space my my my girlfriends like privacy and agency like in public I want to have like
a foolproof response that doesn't make me a dick yeah it's hard to do it like very early
on like dating church we were at some restaurant and some asshole like bumped our table and
knocked shit all over us and was not cool about it and he was you know just a dick and
I really made a scene and she was just like fucking don't do that like like don't like
I didn't let it go it wasn't making things better I escalated shit and she's just like
fucking don't ever do that again and like I wanted instant justice and you're not going
to get it from that fucking asshole that's the thing it's gonna be a woman's worst nightmare
not to mansplain what that is but it's gotta be like there's gotta be a highway cone where
they're like well yeah I'd be nice if if there was a but no you're yeah this is my worst
nightmare now I have to visit Goths like like I'm always the thing of saying something that
hurts the person's feelings as they walk away that's that's not very healthy and once
it got my nose broken so I mean the truth is in like a perfectly natural primate society
look I don't know there's eight billion other dudes if they all wanted to gang up on me and
beat me up they can have all my shit so then we have capitalism then we have politics then
we have government so like we all wake up every day in a world where they're like you're not
allowed to climb in my window and have what I have I didn't put in a spirit gum on this
beard and it's coming up because I'm laughing too much and now my fucking beard's popping
up and I'm like what kind of commander we're all laughing too much we're all laughing too
much anyways we were about to I think segue into maybe D&D but I do feel like might whereas
usually where we segue into D&D and then we heap on dispensary go like okay now quickly
do a recap as part of the D&D segment we I think it might help Spencer if we identify
a pre D&D period before we start playing D&D where we where we figure out what the fuck
happened yes no no I'm saying I because it's not on him because you guys played once I
think when I wasn't here and we haven't played rock as you weren't here Spencer like it seems
like it's been a couple months since I've played D&D I think you're at the last one
was I I don't fucking we turn in the missions we've all got licensed to not know what the
hell yeah let's let's before I do the the role of the music Spencer like do you have
the sheets and in the film plan yeah yeah hand those out because we have loads of time
right now and let's get this at least back up in the air while I get set stuff out let's
do a little bit of podcast business because we're like let's be transparent about this
we moved from the venue where we had a live audience into this place and then we're like
we had a discussion tonight we're like pulled up the numbers of like like who's listening
when and who's you know like and it looks like well I mean there's a million ways to
look at a million different numbers but like there's an indication that this transition
is costing us like people's faith that there's that the upset is like we've cracked the whip
here whether it's people thinking that the podcast is over and not and they don't have
communication that the podcast is continuing or whether it's people that genuinely hate
this format and don't know it'll ever end like who knows there's a million variables
but we did talk a lot tonight about what we I think what we kind of came to the agreement
on is that we don't know what's going on we don't know when the space will be back when
the space is back we don't know exactly what that's going to look like we don't we don't
want it to be us doing a booth podcast like this forever that that's not the permanent
this doesn't represent our dream this isn't our fantasy but then you would say well what
is your dream what is your fantasy and we would say we're not sure I don't think that
whatever we were doing before represented me thinking we were nailing it which is why
maybe for me it's it's easier to go oh fuck it we're doing it from this booth from now
on Viva de France and maybe people are going what the fuck because you but but I all I can
say is we're open to anything internally we're going to try to like we're working on getting
the venue back up that's not because we think that the show should be what it was before
we also don't think this is ideal we don't know what the fuck we're doing we we want
to like we we're talking about maybe like we'll go around California and do like crazy
like pop-up shows because that'll be fun like because we'll have an audience for that there's
there's ways to make the VO booth version of the show more like worth fucking listening
to live I don't know but after you left that conversation actually it's not really the
subscribership that's in trouble it's actually the crazy thing is maybe a totally organic
thing which is that the people listening to the free version of the podcast it's just
plummeted after we transitioned which is just like an earthquake it's like well we our show
got canceled and there was no communication about you know why because that one gift that
Jane posted it was the fuck it was Jane yeah she fucking took it she fucking took it all
down I was hoping that we could mention her tonight in the tonight show because I definitely
did want to continue a insane cycle of whether or not yeah I don't I definitely was hoping
for sure and Steve and I are characters all right the dispensing of the character sheets
is happening yeah all right so Spencer I'm woefully unprepared I apparently don't have
my dice or my laptop so both my laptop is on my phone and my dice is going to be on
my phone phone dice all right but we didn't talk at all about what had happened we're
gonna we're gonna get to the bottom of this right now just let me just say that being
good in 2017 it's not always gonna be comfortable and we're not always gonna do the right thing
but it's always gonna be the wrong thing to just go oh that sucks I'll deal with it later
you know what look yeah we've been doing this podcast for a long time we've had a lot of
fun it's never been perfect it's very lazy and fly by night but we want the people listening
to know that this we are all committed to finding out what the new better version of
this is and we're gonna do it I was talking about sexual assault oh oh oh no that's come
on that's that's just gonna happen right all right that was a joke I know it's it's I mean
it's it's true though bark box is in your character she is it yeah yeah I had a conversation
with my therapist that I thought was so fucking fascinating because we've been to she's been
I think she may be using me as a case study because I'm like a straight white male and
like this shit is like in the psychological community this movement that's happening
right now people should know maybe that this is measurable and it is a real movement because
the people who get paid $200 a session to talk to you about what's fucking you up they're
all talking about it and these are snobs who do not normally pay attention to what you're
talking about they do not care they dismiss it as like pockets of this that and it has
disrupted their entire practice it has disrupted their calendar of how you're going to self
actualize and what and how couples interact particularly the Weinstein thing couples
therapists are experiencing this flood of women in couples saying yeah well here are
my assaults and the man and the couple going I didn't know that and then you go from there
into a yachtsie game or into a fucking like Candyland game of like you don't know like
because no one's ever communicated about it and everything is gone insane and I think
for that reason maybe my therapist is kind of fascinated with my like of like my point
of view like what's going on with it and I have like an I almost came like whatever we
should play D&D I don't want to I feel like I feel like me talking about the stuff is
why our subscribers like went away or listeners I think nothing is more helpful than for men
talking about women's issues well that's a dumb cheap shot like we're all right about
everything I mean I had a conversation with my therapist about what I was experiencing
as a man about all this stuff and she was telling me as a gay person like what in it
like how it works being like feeling like you're part of a demographic that is under
a microscope and a thing that was crazy to me was what she taught she talked about like
well you know like when gay rights are like violated or when when things are coming up
in the news like some kid gets like handcuffed to a fence and beaten because he's gay or
something her explaining to me that there's like this fear if a gay person an individual
gay person is reading the newspaper and reads that story that beyond any outrage beyond
any like anything that there's like this weird shame that creeps in where it's like oh are
they it's not like are they coming for me next or maybe I shouldn't be gay it's just
sort of like when are they gonna stop looking at me when are they gonna stop paying attention
to me right like like and I was like I was so overwhelmed with her characterization
of it where I was like I was like oh man you know what I don't I don't think I ever understood
that I don't I think that everybody just intellectualizes like this stuff because it gets reduced
to like this like a strategic game of like oh I understand your outrage I understand
your anger I understand unfairness you work for this you should get that but like we were
not communicating about the thing that we could all relate to which is like holy fuck I hope
nobody kicks my fucking ass next I hope nobody fucking comes for me I hope I hope I didn't
make a bad choice did I make a choice should I be gay what's going on like I don't know
like it's not prideful they don't have gay fear parades they don't have it's like it's
not right it's not a right way to express anything and yet it's something we all share
like you worry about it and I was bursting the tears because I was like I didn't know
I didn't know you guys felt that way I didn't I I only understood that you'd be angry you
know I didn't I didn't know that you'd be like ashamed I didn't know that you'd react
to a story in a paper of somebody getting gaybashed with shame I thought you'd react with anger
and fear but not shame and I think that like anyways all right that's been our show thanks
for okay so we're in a forest and the fucking goblin attacked us whatever whatever you fucking
Nazi we had a whole episode after that all right where were we all right yeah take me
way back Spence please if you don't mind I'm sorry to call you Spence that that really
didn't I call him Spenny I started calling him Spenny Spenny he probably loves in text
spent Spenny do you like do you like that that's one of several competing theories I'm
honestly trying to remember what happened you know bark box will send you a box of we went
to close we went to placeholder and then we turned in our mission and the captain of
the of our police force kind of base we had a meeting with them well yeah that was the
most reason so if that's all you want to know oh for sure okay so here's what happened you
finished your mission that's what I pointed out no I know I know I'm sure oh to the camera
sorry sorry sorry I do a lot of drugs these days these days is it because he feels sad
about something that's beyond the cheese stain it's not well I mean I'm sure it is but really
I'm just trying to remember forget about the cheese thing so we'll catch Stevens Vegas I
wasn't mansplaining I was talking about a personal you got you got kind of teared up
to you kind of high-roated I was I think I'm in like that I'm not like one of those guys
I'm not I'm special no but like I'm not saying it's not worthwhile talking about but a bunch
of guys talking about women's issues like that's all that's happening I'm not talking
about women's I'm talking yeah whatever but yeah no I was I was doing exactly what you
said I was taking a cheap shot and I I copped to that well when you're not around and you
don't take those cheap shots this show descends in a garbage so you must be doing something
right yeah I mean I wasn't gonna point it out but maybe they're the ratings dipped when
I wasn't here yeah I mean it point of fact that's what happened the question is and also
the stock market kept going up after Trump was elected we need to look at this stuff
closer you could have been part of the Schrab boost do you have any idea how hard it is
to maintain my composure when I know there's not enough spirit gum on this fucking beard
and it's popping and flopping it looks fine from most angles yeah I yeah if you're at
that angle it starts no I get it most people aren't gonna be viewing you at that I got
a party to go to where I have to be a character that nobody knows who I am three people saw
the the scrabble box last night and laughed that was three out of a thousand maybe not
as many people watch that show as I think now or it's been too long now it's all about
those stranger things all right okay do we still have time yeah loads of time all right
Spencer do you want to just do a recap or should I give you music how do you feel about
this whatever I'm gonna give you music because I like continuity there's a bug go away it's
the whole thing's a blackout you're a blackout right now no no no I mean well I may be feel
like a lot of my life has been a blackout the last five years maybe you should stop
drinking Steve I know last time and undetermined amount of times before that our heroes were
doing a mission oh boy they exercised a child and then they saved that child from a priest
that was trying to exercise the child they took the priest into custody custody where
they were going to take him back to the home base and you know what happened assassins
happened they came in and they stabbed up Patchens and they stabbed up Diarrhea Jr.
and the the prior ran away he was your captive and he ran away oh boy the assassins ran away
and it turned out they had a powerful gem that Patchens owned and he was besides himself
with rage that it was allowed to be taken from him you met up with this guy called
Geffen and he gave you back the prior and and you guys went back to the home base where
you turned in the mission and Patchens went to talk to the people and the prior went to
talk to the people and you told Patchens you'd meet him at a local tavern after the meeting
the captain said you can turn in your mission papers with Zellie at the commissary to get
paid brother Absalom was looking at you brother Absalom you met and he gave you an orangutan
ball there was an umber hole but it was non-canon hell yeah hey okay I have questions about
the uh what was the that's a great way to start off anyone have questions was the orangutan
thing or what was that when you first ran back into pure burn abbey um you met brother
Absalom right and he he was like yo what up and then you were like weren't you working
on that thing to get us not have to sign all this paperwork and he was like yeah here you
go here's an orangutan ball someone's an orangutan all right and was that at that time did we
regard that as a random response um it it seemed like the kind of thing that was someone
trying to yes and an improv you made right okay fair enough all right so uh we're off
to skull and bone the bar right to go talk to Patchens or something like that yeah and
to be clear so my drunken question is so we didn't get like a new mission from anybody
we're like done and we're in a flux here not yet although you had been told that you could
collect your paycheck in that brother Absalom had been looking for you oh let's go get our
paycheck then where do we find you wanted to meet back well what where do we find brother
Absalom he's in his lab let's go to the lab and get paid he doesn't pay out you go to
the commissary to get paid let's go to the commissary and get paid yep all right you
go there it's just like a storefront it's like uh kind of like a hotel gift store kind of
thing it's really small it's got just shit everywhere and it's it's not useless hotel
shit it's like useful kind of our commissary was like a synonymous with cafeteria yeah it's
also like a store in a place where you can buy goods I believe it is generally more the
food I sidle up to the uh some of work a ding ding is this anybody here working at the commissary
yeah you see uh you see a tan skin girl with silver hair and um it looks like uh a diversity
the robes of what do you call it the monks like uh the monks are kind of the clerical
kind of you know record keeping kind of people they're not the same as you guys they're not
enforcers they're not priests or anything they're just kind of like a clerical class of people
I walk up I introduce the group and I say I would like to get paid in full all right
where's the paperwork I hand over the paperwork okay you guys hand out the paperwork that you
filled out yeah behind the scenes yeah okay you do that you each get 20 gold it's the
job the payout for the job each 20 gold yeah oh wow I'm rich yeah uh guys you know we do
right now if I could we take this straight to the skull and bone I'm worried about passions
yeah passions I think he's over there right yeah let's go let's let's go get a stink on
it and the whole talk to passion thank you commissary mistress what's your name by the
way tan monk lady zele hello zele well we see you as uh equal okay that was weird right
I thought that would that was the case to begin with yeah now it seems well but I appreciate
the affirmation thank you zele um I never I never questioned your uh your status to begin
with uh seems like a weird thing to have to say this is the same the same the same exact
problem yeah all right anyway good to meet you sally uh see you in the flip flap hi sally
let's go over to the skull and bones all right you go to the skull and bones I feel terrible
about but she she didn't make it this far without having to go numb to that shit I don't know
but you're still worried about yeah no but I'm like what I'm like a thing that tested
her numbness I'm not a thing that caused it yeah well let's let's live and learn let's
not do that again let's not next time I see a person with tan skin and what was it weird
hair silver hair silver hair I'm yeah no I'm gonna be like whoever smelled it dealt it
away well wait for them to call me um different okay uh we we sidle up to the old skull and
bone the skull and bone is kind of like uh you know it's like in the casino where there's
these little alcoves that have like restaurants and shit it's like in this this uh the abbey
grounds that you're in in the the mess hall kind of area that's adjacent to the common
commissary there's there's three kind of little uh what do you call it restaurants or sort
of situations like a food court kind of situation kind of yeah there's a there's like a it's
like a mess hall and then like let's say three lounges so so two of the lounges are reserved
for higher ups and people that are higher ranked than you and one of the lounges is the skull
and bones so that's kind of the airport terminal yeah kind of it's kind of like a commissary
well I you know I I when I wrote this stuff down I knew what a commissary was and I don't
remember what a lot of this stuff needs anymore uh guys let's uh I could I could murder a drink
right now and we gotta we gotta catch up with pachens so let's we walk into the skull and bones
all right you see the bartender brother stube he's uh he's he's he's pouring he's pouring
a glass of beer for you guys because he knows what's up and hopefully it's beer
hey stube what up man I how's it going out there it's still still fine just making it by
stube are you still uh smoking the dube I had to stop after they remove my intestines oh no
stube what do you have Crohn's disease I might are you saying that they remove the stube too
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm popping my mustache off I'm making myself a star
friend I maybe I he he means do you need any help with medical bills no I'm okay the church covers us
do they let you keep the intestine the stube too yeah of course
uh I've never seen Jeff left so I hate myself hysterical
it's the trying not to laugh because you're gonna pop your commander friend mustache off
it is makes it makes everything's funnier when you have a beard on it's not your own beer
I got that oh
stube give yourself something I give him like an extra oh is there any tissues thanks man I
appreciate you've got those tissues bro you know I do you see patches around here uh is uh and I
describe pachens pachens he uh looks like toby mcguire but um it's funny pachens last name
is stubans and your name is stube wow what a coincidence are you related no but the person
who named me wasn't very original we're living in a name name imagination drought would you look
at me what's the word about town stube you're you're foo foo foo and a half man chew no that
didn't work I don't know I was trying to think of something like a half foo man chew two and a
half foo man chew it's a chinese foo man chew two and a half men chew foo and a half men chew
foo and a half men chew foo man yeah but then you like I don't know I've got spirit in my pocket
we're doing a podcast yeah yeah okay we're doing our d all right stube uh do you know do you know
of this pachens that we speak of no I examine the bar to look around to see if I can see a pachens
or you don't see pachens I picture him is looking by the way exactly like podrick from game of thrones
that's why picture okay who's picture pachens all right that's a good idea but that's like white
writes like why why why couldn't that role go to an asian yep listen to my other podcast
waiting one to find out the answer stube what's how'd you lose your intestines I'm concerned
about this I might have crones disease all right all right but in this world it's the result of a
real crone I was cursed by a crone yeah an actual crone all right well I mean it's not a big place
and I look around for pachens no he should be here I mean if he was here we'd see him wait a minute
do I see I look around is there anything else that might catch a gnome druid's eye
um this is great for dice we don't have a yeah I'm like as he's rolling with his phone
like I don't have a right to accept to expect that he would meet us here you know like we were kind
of cable guys about it we're like we'll just meet you at some point yeah but didn't he say he was
gonna be here yeah but I'm like yeah I was like okay you don't see anyone here except just the
kind of there's just a few regular people who are almost always here it's not it's not a very busy
time for the skull bone so how do we stube doesn't recall any young bright eyed male that I describe
pachens like however I describe pachens he's kind of sleeping so and I would have remembered something
like that so he never made it in my job uh oh looks like we gotta send diarrhea junior back to where
we came have him retrace the path that's that uh pachens would have taken see if he finds it
okay I go back to pure burn keep you're already there I have a drink that's right drink hot wings
I go I go back to the offices all right you do that which office is the ones we started in
I'm eating hot wings but not I'm not gonna clean the bone because I just got 20 gold pieces and
I'm not I've never I've never been I've never liked to deal with bones and food like I just
I eat I take a bite of the hot wing and I end up putting what a lot of people would judge me for
in the discard basket but the truth is fuck you we're all criminals we're eating chicken yeah no
one judges you I look for the bishop the bishop's not around usually the higher ups don't really
come around and mill around here he was probably there for an appointment or wasn't he the last
person to talk to pachens him and brother Schrader okay I want to find brother Schrader
all right you find him in his office you know where that is I know that is they have an appetizer
menu here yeah is it hot wings what else hot wings scotch eggs and mixed nuts and pickles
I order mixed nuts he brings you a plate of mixed nuts and pickles
hmm brother Schrader yeah wait hey yeah hey do you know our friend pachens went pachens he said
he was looking for you right after right after we finished up he said he had something to tell you
and then he was leaving so wait he has something to tell us but left no he said he had to do both
of those things hmm I'm removing any pecans or walnuts those are the two if those are included
in mixed nuts that's like most of them there's still almonds but yeah what about almonds what about
cashews there's no you're not there I know but I like cashews talk to you do your thing okay so
it's a meta game I order olives yeah there's no all of shit um which direction did he walk in
he went towards the bar the skull and bone are you lying to me you're using sense motive do you
have sent not sense motive do you have it's called something different in Pathfinder do you see
anything there is a sense motive okay then it's sense I don't have it all right um you can't tell
what his face is saying but he looks really mad mad hey you look really are you okay yeah I got a
dipshit in my face asking me stupid questions oh snap ouch why you gotta be mean because I'm the
boss my time's really important and you're just asking me questions that I think you already know
the answers to well well it's so important can I help you with anything no man well that's not
that's not good delegation why don't we set you up in the office and we'll give you all these tasks
and right when you're about to do them then I can come in and start asking you a bunch of stupid
bullshit and see how you feel about it but what are you gonna do when I leave here like what's
your laundry list what's my laundry list yeah that's why I asked what do you mean like what are
the things you gotta do your tasks not laundry here's an expression what's the expression
it's a laundry list of things laundry things no what are you talking about what it what what
tests you to do when I leave here I have to follow up with several of the missions that
are due back with the mission reports today I'm gonna see the status of things that are going on
in the office pool check in I like some reports on I want to try some of those pickled eggs or
scotch eggs all right all right I'll get some in the I appreciate the help I'm glad you don't have
to do laundry laundry really sucks I go back to the skull and bone thank you I'm the way there you
see you see a pageants is like hiding in a corner oh what nice work he's like he's like he's in the
skull and bone no he's not he's on the way to the skull and bone he's like flagging you down with his
hand pageants hey man I was just looking for you get it get in here whoa okay are we what are we
whispering because I'm a big trouble man what's going on man I lost an artifact in the church
I'm gonna go find it no wait the one that was stolen from you that we didn't yeah that's like my whole
job they said I gotta go get it back okay I'll see it wait what are the what are the stakes here
god life and death for me and maybe more oh man well can we help you well this sounds like a job
I think that ship sailed well we'll come with you to back you up you don't have to do it alone
I don't know you guys we're your friends the last time I trusted you I got stabbed and
basically my whole life was up ended dude I got stabbed too we're stab bros right we should stick
together maybe you should reconsider your surroundings hmm have you tried what are the
Scotch eggs yeah these are nice they're really good they're not as heavy as I thought they'd be
they look deep fried but they're really yeah it's like it looks like a panko what are they
got going on here yeah they put something other than breadcrumbs on it yeah I think it's a panko
have you have you had a big titty filibuster uh yeah should we get some
nah if you've already had it it's it's it's it's a novelty drink hey patchins look it would mean
a lot to me if we could accompany you and try to make good on all the horrible things that have
happened to you because we've entered your life if you um either way whether you want to want us
to help you out or not I want to give you my slingshot to help you on your journey with or
without us awesome you got to let me know now because I got to go get my buds my best buds
listen I appreciate your help it hasn't been very helpful I'm gonna leave
you guys deal with the results of your actions all right we'll take my slingshot so you can always
remember us all right okay I go back to the skull and bone we he he tells us what just happened
and we have a little pow wow is does that wait a minute no come on I want I want him to tell us
okay yeah hey how'd it go did you find patches what's going on hey guys what's what you know
break it down for us I talked to I went back and then the I got yelled at patches what you found
patches I found patches in a corner and he was really scared corner of what just the corner of
the commissary and and he was just he really doesn't want anything to do with us anymore
so I gave him my slingshot and I told him he didn't want help he definitely did not want our help
oh cool so you said would you like our help and he said no yeah and he was he didn't say anything
passive aggressive like well you haven't helped that much so far or you've your help hasn't
turned out that good yeah something a passive aggressive people say where they really want
you to help he made it abundantly clear that you said no I got this covered I'm totally
confident person no no he didn't seem confident right but he also I don't know that we were
additive in any way so he seemed like he needed help but also didn't want to owe us anything and
just wanted to make us feel guilty and help him I think that he felt more like if we went with him
we would royally fuck it up for him like he had better chances without us right because he was
doing so good with his artifact by guarding a door yeah you just sleep in overrun by vampires
all right well sounds like should we follow him doesn't sound like it I mean if you told me
something different like if you were able to convey nuance to me like that would make it clear
that he actually wanted our help well I mean I would say let's go follow him yeah well he was I
asked him I was like well what are the stakes and he was like let personally in my life and death but
also the whole world right and I feel like you said do you want help and he was like no yeah
really that's unequivocal about it he said no he didn't say uh from my experience doesn't seem
like you guys helped that much because that would be a different answer I mean he did do that too
oh okay he did that too yeah he was which means he did that instead because he can't do both I
don't know you can't be definitive and I really got the sense that it wasn't passive aggression
he was just very mad and very scared and very upset and really didn't think we were helpful I say
I say fuck him let him do his own thing yeah like we're gonna go find passions gem yeah no
it I mean not when he's gonna make it difficult to help him I mean I'm not like I'm in this for the
ambitious you know glory and stuff but like what the the the the adventure of passions gem doesn't
really sound like a well what if I know the adventure of passions gem sounds like an amazing
adventure the adventure of convincing passions that he needs help well sounds like the first 40
years of my fucking life what if we man who knew too little to him and like we're in this in the
shadows and making everything happen and he just thought he was doing well I I don't think we're
talented enough to do what do we like the so like he's Inspector Crusoe and we're fate yeah I don't
think we've graduated to that level oh look look I'm just blue skying here how about this why don't
we walk back back to the to the abbey or wherever we go and talk and see like we need a new mission
obviously because we're basically homeless we got 20 gold burning the hole in our pocket but that's
a lot we don't need a new mission should we put it on black hey guys we work for the church
militant and we got you know we have a we took an oath we have a job to do why don't we have
this why don't we go back find out they have a new job for us if it sounds less interesting than
the adventure of passions gem uh then we take we go we go shadow passions around I don't think
shadowing passions is going to be a realistic option if we wait five more minutes especially
who do we talk to about finding a new mission for us uh brother absalom okay why don't we go back
and talk to brother absalon and then we'll tell him about passions and see what he thinks about
I will can I I don't want to be negative nelly but one of the reasons why we didn't bring passions
up in the first place is because when we were debriefing passions made it very clear to me
that he doesn't want the church of the silver flame knowing about his ish right
that that was clear so if you care about passions oh that would have been good to mention the recap
that that's yeah that's great that you remember that's accurate though right no no I know that's
great I didn't I didn't I let I let passions have as though it was a it was a thing like I I knew
that passions didn't want us talking about because he'd been big shit trouble with the uh with the
church it wasn't quite sure but I decided like I like this passions kid he helped us a lot
like if I were up to me I'd like to help him you know I don't know if diarrhea is an unreliable
narrator like if I if I heard a kid say if he was like dragging his feet and going like no I don't
need any help don't need anybody I'd be like well I'm 40 so I think you do need help and that's cool
because when I was 20 that's how I talked to when I needed help but I said that's why I said
did he say no or was he a little fucking shlubby about it because if he's shlubby about it let's
go chase this kid down and save him from himself uh maybe I'm just bad with people was he a little
shlubby yeah maybe it was a little shlubby his little mealy mouth his little like indirect like
well well basically when it all comes down dude I don't even know yeah yeah all right well let's go
get the kid right yeah he's our friend you know what the more I say it because I said it now twice
but the more I say the adventure of Patchens gem it just it seems like a if I was in a bookstore
and I saw that on a book I go I'm fucking give that a read it sounds like at least one
Anjanu's gonna get her first kiss in that adventure yeah and maybe it'll be us uh no it's a little
okay so I'm in other words in that conversation I'm kind of like oh Patchens that's why I was
asking him that stuff I was like did he say no or was he kind of like poopy face about it now I'm
like I'm like in the middle of my drink I'm like all right look I want to go find him let's all run
out and go see if we can get to the bottom of this with Patchens yeah we run out to look for
Patchens Spencer all right uh who's got the best perception probably it might be Dan I have a four
oh I think it is leave no I've got 11 Jackson my name is Steve I mean diarrhea I call Spencer
Jackson because that's because that's what you do when you have 11th perception as a human I don't
have enough perception to find it on my character sheet is that kind of your skills it's alphabetical
p all right you're looking for Patchens you don't see him shit three that's not bad okay he's uh
he's clearly left the abbey the keep the which way was he headed well he's got to be heading
toward where the thieves went that direction right what no which way was he headed I didn't
really get a good look what do you mean which way was he headed well I did you see him walk off
no I left before he did oh great okay where did you see him last right here behind this little
bush it's behind this bush I look around around the bush not a bush you're inside I look around
inside the bush yeah you see it's like a small nook where a short person could hide I'm really
scouring on the level that a person without perception could would achieve the result that
he'd have if he had a high perception um just looking at every fucking inch and centimeter of
the area you see uh fingernail marks like someone was digging into it like uh trying to climb up
it or something interesting okay I just yell patch it you do that
don't wonder you guys have like a I can turn into a spirit bird or that's shadow can you
talk to animals there might be something that you guys can do can you conjure one and talk to it and
have it I certainly can't well it looks like we lost passions I mean and I think that anyone
listening would agree that we did the best we could hang on I might be able to conjure up some
bullshit here hang on a second I uh I uh I have a bark box can I use bark box for a limited time
only I summon nature's ally I summon I summon nature's ally all right what nature's ally do you want
to say um a horse no no I don't know I mean I don't have anything that flies
can't do an octopus I summon a horse and I get on it and I ride out of the town looking for for
passions is there like a one gate kind of towns or is there lots of different gates um it's like uh
there's a couple gates but there's a main gate okay I get in the horse and I go I'll be right back
boys good luck all right now come cover the clock all right um did you see how beautiful that horse
was oh god what level are you me yeah what do you mean like what level you're level three right
oh yeah we're level three you take off writing on your majestic magical summon steed and you
ride for 18 glorious seconds until your spell runs out so it lasts for three rounds so we can still
see him at the road right right yeah you fall off like the horse poofs out the point
all right okay maybe in close quarters when you yeah those moments when you wish you had a
horse combat time I I hop off the horse because I knew that was coming and I said well bam and I
look around I yeah I pretend that I didn't see it I yell patches because I'm clearly closer to where
he might have been um all right um you see some you see some foot footprints but uh yeah
it's like he's throwing you a bone like I run off in the direction of those of those footprints
oh you do that after three hours you catch up to patches wow I tell passions stay right here
no I don't I just say cliffhanger
oh yes the worst we didn't do shit whatever we're going on the adventure of patches jam
everybody give it up for Steve Levy well thank you everybody out there in the booth church Kevin
who else do we have out there Chris Sarah other people let's say church already Nolan
Spencer Crittenden in your Game Master I'm your Comptroller Jeff Davis and your mayor of course
is Dan Harmon we may see you on the road we may see you in a live space sometime until then
it's a fucking mixed bag everybody we love you a mixed bag of nuts drive fast take chances and
uh tip your fire marshal
did you get any of that it's a good show
serral audio